HaSeul: How about making a new name for us?
HaSeul: Like YeoSeul~ (YeoJin X HaSeul)
HeeJin: HeeSeul?
HaSeul: HaJin?
HeeJin: But HaJin's 'Jin' could mean HyunJin’s name.
(If so...?)
HaSeul:Right...
HeeJin: HaHee…
(For now, they decide to call themselves 'HaHee'!)
(HaHee trying to wear a cap, looks like a twin!)
HaSeul: Do I look like a painter?
(HaSeul is doing art on HeeJin's face like a real painter!)
HaSeul: Hey, hold it~
(It looks so itchy...doesn't it?)
(Anyway, don't forget that you're watching Yves' photo shooting...)
HaSeul: Now Yves is doing a photo shoot, right?
HaSeul: And I've guessed like...
HeeJin: Guess what?
HaSeul: why did her photo shooting start too late?
HeeJin: You mean 'late at night'?
HaSeul: Yes!
HaSeul: She wore a white dress like a swan when she had a photo shooting last time.
HaSeul: At that time, bright outside!
HaSeul: But now, dark outside!
(LOONAVERSE which makes even members try to reason!)
HeeJin: Oh~ there's something~
HaSeul: Coexistence between days and nights~
HaSeul: (Although she doesn't know what it is)
Please looking forward to it!
(But.. what is this?)
HaSeul: And we should leave now, right?
HaSeul: Oh! It's moving~
(LOOΠΔ TV PD is making the special wave effect...)
HaSeul: It's moving!